docs(presets): Define presets as reusable bits of JSON (#43455)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/key-concepts/presets.md

description: Learn about Renovate configuration presets
---

> Renovate presets are reusable bits of confiuration in JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate presets are reusable bits of configuration, stored in JSON, JSON5 or JSONC format.
```

Presets that are included with Renovate are referenced by their name, like
[`:dependencyDashboard`](../presets-default.md#dependencydashboard).

Custom presets are referenced by repository location. To learn how to create and host them,

> read the [Shareable Config Presets](../config-presets.md) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Presets that are included with Renovate are referenced by their name, like [`:dependencyDashboard`](../presets-default.md#dependencydashboard) and [`security:minimumReleaseAgeNpm`](../presets-security.md#securityminimumreleaseagenpm).

Custom presets are referenced by repository location.
To learn how to create and host them, read the [Shareable Config Presets](../config-presets.md) page.
```
